Question: Where is Dark/Black Mode? 

To view the application in Dark or Black mode, press the Settings Menu on the top left (3 horizontal lines), then select ‘Settings’. Under ‘Display Mode’, select your preferred mode.  

Question: I’m receiving an ‘No Internet Connection’ error 

We are aware of the ‘No Internet Connection’ error and are actively working on a solution. We apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused. 

Please force stop the application and reopen, or, try uninstalling and reinstalling for a temporary fix.  

Question: Will my paid status transfer to the new application? 

Your paid status should transfer to the new beta application. If you’re not seeing ads, then the paid upgrade was successful. 

Question: How do I add a location? 

To add a new location, press on the location name that is currently being viewed on the home screen. Once on the Locations page, enter your new location in the search bar and press ‘Search’.  

 

Question: How do I set a favorite location? 

On the Locations page, three categories of locations will be listed - Current, Favorites, and Recent.  To add a location to Favorites, tap on the + to the right of a Recent location.   

Question: How do I remove a location from Favorites? 

To remove or reorder your Favorite locations, tap on the current location, and click ‘Edit’ to the right of Favorites. Press and hold the 3 horizontal lines, while dragging the location, to reorder locations. Press the - to remove a location.  

Question: How do I enable/disable notifications?  

To enable or disable notifications, press the Settings Menu on the top left (3 horizontal lines), then select ‘Settings’. Under ‘Manage Notifications’, toggle Government Issued Alerts on or off.  

 

Question: Where can I find Sunrise/Sunset? 

Sunrise and Sunset times are listed on the Home Screen under ‘Today’s Details’. They can also be found in ‘Daily’ by selecting a day.  

 
 

Question: Where can I find Humidity?  

Humidity information can be located on the home screen under ‘Current Conditions’ or on the Hourly screen by selecting each hour. 

 
 

Question: My radar is slow or not functioning properly. 

If your device is connected to the internet/wifi please check your connection. A slow connection could impact the radar performance.  

 
 

Question: How do I change the Units/Wind Direction/Time Format? 

To change the Units, Wind Direction or Time Format, press the Settings Menu on the top left (3 horizontal lines), then select ‘Settings’.  

 
 

 
